hey what's up youtubers this is my LG
thrive of course some of you guys wonder
if some of the cases are out but of
course all you do is go to Amazon
anyways I just got this case called
orange horror feels like a plastic case
for the LG Phoenix p p 5 15 and the LG
thorough p 506 twisted tech tech retail
package and i've also got a clear piece
which little foot on your phone which i
haven't got that far yet I just cleaned
off the screen just take some Windex and
go to your auto dealer and get one of
these real soft paper towels then
leaving a scratches or anything anyhow
why I'm talking to you guys I'm getting
ready to get this plastic peeled put on
there
there's all kinds of stuff you can use
on your phone just try not to get
scratched as you see here I'm putting on
the plastic easy to put on just move
them away after a while after all this
stuff here after i noticed attract
putting it on with trying to take the
case off it's a little hard to do
because you get this little plastic
piece as you can see and you're supposed
to go from here go side pop it off well
after the case is so new it's a little
bit harder to put on let's see about to
make it a little bit smoother it might
take about 24 hours for the stuff to go
away because usually there's no air
bubbles in it but you can also
it's easy to peel up it's like that film
strip you put on your tinted window
that's what the stuff really feels like
I bought it over our amazon on amazon
you can also get about a five pack which
I got three here so really protects the
screen let's see if I can make this a
little bit smoother
alright
here
a little bit hard to do don't quite have
it all the way with one
which you don't really want it to go
covering up to a microphone or your
earpiece so
get lined up just right put your finger
right in the corner you start all right
what I'll do is I take a paper towel
horrible exhale usually take my finger
anyway
there it's a little bit better than what
it was but they say after 24 hours the
stuff up go away so if you just go to
your LG thrive on amazon.com order to
the case there are some other cases
they'll also come with the with the car
charger which I really don't use I use
my ipod touch charger because where you
can pull it out you take your house
plugger because it's got the USB so you
just take it from your house to the car
and plug it right on it anyways there
you go there's the LG thrive case pretty
nifty I do have another case but someone
sent me the wrong one so I'm going to
send it back or I'll wait till one of my
friends get her phone
and she can have it so letter yo you all
have a good evening and
are you